Welcome back everybody to this tutorial.
Today I am going to actually show you
how to
Well everything is pretty much set up.
You just need to do a few more things in VirtualBox
in order to have a proper setup
but down below in the bottom right
corner
if you are using a desktop machine and not a laptop
and if you didn't have wireless previously on your desktop machine
upon installing these drivers and plugging in this USB adapter
you will, from this point on
actually have wireless access on your physical machine as well.
Not on your physical machine, sorry
on your desktop machine
because a lot of the desktop machines come without any wireless
as they are workstations
so this might be also a helpful bit of information to know.
Anyway, let's just go ahead and right click on our Kali machine
Go into "Settings"
Click on "USB"
This will be disabled and you won't have anything selected here.
So just go ahead and click on "Enable 20 EHCI controller"
If things are not configured properly with the extension pack
you will get a...hmmm, how is it
A triangle. A yellow triangle with an exclamation mark in the center
next to your "OK" button down at the middle.
So right on the left of the "OK" button, you will get that triangle
which means that you don't have the
extension pack installed
You can, aside from going to the VirtualBox site
where they have these three versions here: 4.2,  4.1, 4.0
You can also go to the official Oracle site
and download the VirtualBox extension pack from there
where they actually have 4.3.26, which is very nice
which is the latest one
Just go ahead and head over to the official Oracle site
and find the VirtualBox section there.
From there, you can actually download the extension pack
Anyway, just minimize this.
We have enabled the USB to support
and now let's go ahead and add our device.
So here you have a listing of devices:
Headset, keyboard, some unknown device, something generic
and down below you have 11m USB.
That is the one that I'm going to add here.
Click on "OK"
There we go.
All you have to do from this point on is
power your machine on
and that's it.
So it might take a while for it to boot.
This is my friend's computer.
I haven't really installed Kali here, but instead I am using a live version.
As I have stated previously, I'm doing this on Windows 7
but you can do it in Windows 8, Vista, whatever
it's gonna work, no problems.
I believe it's gonna work on XP as well
but no guarantees for XP and Vista
as those systems are quite old, and I
don't know
you might have some problems with VirtualBox or something a kind.
That's a topic for another day.
Anyway, the boot process here is in route
and, I don't know, live versions usually take a bit longer.
I would have put it up prior to this, so you wouldn't have to wait for the process.
However, then I couldn't actually show
you
how I configured VirtualBox to function with this
because if you go ahead and right click on Kali now
and go into "Settings"
and go down to the USB
you can see that the  "Enable USB controller"
and the "Enable USB 20" are greyed out
and you can't actually take anything there, which can be problematic.
Although you can add new USB devices if you want
even after the machine is actually turned on.
So the boot process is en route
Any moment now. Come on.
Please! Begging you.
Today. Some time.
Perhaps. Maybe not.
Ah...the beauty. The beauty of Windows machines.
Anyway, Kali has booted.
Almost
There we go.
So Kali is up and running now.
If I just go ahead and click on the terminal  as we did before.
Just gonna go ahead and magnify it.
Don't have the extensions here
So don't have the full screen, but if I just do this
I believe this is sufficient for this additional tutorial.
You can actually see clearly what is going on.
If I type in "ifconfig", I believe that you can all read this text, no problems.
If you can't, let me know.
You see that I have wlan0 adapter here.
That is my wireless adapter.
If I scroll upwards, I can see that I also have eth0
which is my wire network adapter
which is currently in the bridged mode with my Kali machine.
If I go to "Devices"
"Network"
"Network settings"
This is very important
I need to say attached bridged adapter
as I have stated several times before
but felt like I should just say it one more time.
No big deal there.
So, Bridged Adapter
Select your adapter
Allow all
Okay
Excellent!
Oh yeah, one more thing --
I've noticed a lot of people have been asking me about
the mac addresses of their virtual machines.
So if you are using a live CD or something like that
you could generate your own mac address with a mac changer
as I have showed you before
but if you're using a virtual machine,
you can just
while the machine is powered off
you can generate a new mac address.
It says here you can change it here without any problems.
It functions a bit differently because this is a virtual machine
but you can just change the mac address here randomly
to your heart's content.
Anyway, as I said, you can see to the wlan0
So let's just perform a bit of a test here.
A test run
Let's type in "iwlist"
and then I'm gonna type "wlan0 | grep ESSID"
and if I press up
Unknown command
Oh yeah, of course
Scan
and there you go!
I can actually scan for all the wireless
networks in my area
and I can connect this machine to them.
This virtual machine, that is.
To them, without any problems.
I believe that this should solve any problems
that any Windows user has had with wireless configuration
with their virtual machine
in regard to their virtual machines
and if you have any questions
if you have any problems, or anything of a kind
feel free to talk to me in the discussion section.
I will, as always, be more than happy and willing to help you out
in anyway I can.
Until then, I would like
I would like to say "Until next tutorial"
but I don't know, you never know
I could add some new ones in the future
but for the time being, I just made this
addition to help you out.